Add commitment burndown columns (#400)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/consumedunit.md

# Consumed Unit

The Consumed Unit represents a provider-specified measurement unit indicating how a provider measures usage of a given SKU associated with a metered [*resource*](#glossary:resource) or [*service*](#glossary:service). Consumed Unit complements the [Consumed Quantity](#consumedquantity) metric. It is often listed at a finer granularity or over a different time interval when compared to [Pricing Unit](#pricingunit) (complementary to [Pricing Quantity](#pricingquantity)), and focuses on metered *resource* and *service* consumption, not pricing and cost.

The ConsumedUnit column adheres to the following requirements:

* ConsumedUnit MUST be present in the billing data when the provider supports the measurement of usage.
* ConsumedUnit MUST be of type String, and the units of measure used in ConsumedUnit SHOULD adhere to the values and format requirements specified in the [UnitFormat](#unitformat) attribute.
* ConsumedUnit MUST NOT be null if [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Usage" and [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".

> * ConsumedUnit MUST be null if *ChargeCategory* is "Usage" and [CommitmentDiscountStatus](#commitmentdiscountstatus) is "Unused" and *ChargeClass* is not "Correction" or for other *ChargeCategory* values.

Author: Yes, will simplify.

> * ConsumedUnit MUST be null if *ChargeCategory* is "Usage" and [CommitmentDiscountStatus](#commitmentdiscountstatus) is "Unused" and *ChargeClass* is not "Correction" or for other *ChargeCategory* values.

Author: Simplified to ... "When *ChargeCategory* is not *Usage*, or *ChargeCategory* is "Usage" and [CommitmentDiscountStatus](#commitmentdiscountstatus) is "Unused", ConsumedUnit MUST be null when ChargeClass is not "Correction".

# Consumed Unit

The Consumed Unit represents a provider-specified measurement unit indicating how a provider measures usage of a given SKU associated with a metered [*resource*](#glossary:resource) or [*service*](#glossary:service). Consumed Unit complements the [Consumed Quantity](#consumedquantity) metric. It is often listed at a finer granularity or over a different time interval when compared to [Pricing Unit](#pricingunit) (complementary to [Pricing Quantity](#pricingquantity)), and focuses on metered *resource* and *service* consumption, not pricing and cost.

> ConsumedUnit MUST be present in a FOCUS dataset when the provider supports the measurement of usage. This column MUST be null when [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is not "Usage", or *ChargeCategory* is "Usage" and [*CommitmentDiscountStatus*](#commitmentdiscountstatus) is "Unused". This column MUST NOT be null if *ChargeCategory* is "Usage" and [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction". This column MUST be of type String, units of measure used in ConsumedUnit SHOULD adhere to the values and format requirements specified in the [UnitFormat](#unitformat) attribute, and MUST NOT be used to determine values related to any pricing or cost metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ConsumedUnit column adheres to the following requirements:

* ConsumedUnit MUST be present in the billing data when the provider supports the measurement of usage.
* ConsumedUnit MUST be of type String, and the units of measure used in ConsumedUnit SHOULD adhere to the values and format requirements specified in the [UnitFormat](#unitformat) attribute.
* ConsumedUnit MUST NOT be null if [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Usage", unless [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is "Correction" or [CommitmentDiscountStatus](#commitmentdiscountstatus) is "Unused".
* ConsumedUnit MAY be null if ChargeCategory is "Usage" and ChargeClass is "Correction"
* ConsumedUnit MUST be null if CommitmentDiscountStatus is "Unused" or for other ChargeCategory values.
```
